`Development`: Add documentation for standardized competencies (#8711)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/adaptive-learning.rst

Adaptive Learning
=================

Adaptive Learning in Artemis is centered around **competencies**, overarching learning objectives that tie together various lectures and exercises. Artemis is also able to provide students with individualized **learning paths** based on competencies and their relations.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe src="https://live.rbg.tum.de/w/artemisintro/26313?video_only=1&t=0" allowfullscreen="1" frameborder="0" width="600" height="350">
        Watch this video on TUM-Live.
    </iframe>

> Students are able to track their progress in :ref:`competencies_student` and can view the next recommended content in their :ref:`learning_paths_student`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Students can track their progress in :ref:`competencies_student` and view the next recommended content in their :ref:`learning_paths_student`.
```

> Instructors have multiple ways to add competencies to their course: They can create new competencies, :ref:`importing existing ones <import_competencies>` or :ref:`generate competencies <generate_competencies>` with Iris.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructors have multiple ways to add competencies to their course: They can create new competencies, :ref:`importing existing ones <import_competencies>` or :ref:`generate competencies <generate_competencies>` using the integrated LLM.
```

> Instructors have multiple ways to add competencies to their course: They can create new competencies, :ref:`import existing ones <import_competencies>` or :ref:`generate competencies <generate_competencies>` using the integrated LLM subsystem of Artemis.

Reviewer 2: It feels odd that `create new competencies` does not have a `:ref:` but the other two parts of the enumeration do.

> They can then link exercises and lecture units to competencies and define relations between them to build a structure for learning paths.

Reviewer 2: I don't get what is meant by `a structure for learning paths.`

Author: I changed the sentence from
`They can then link exercises and lecture units to competencies and define relations between them to build a structure for learning paths.`
to
`They can also then link exercises and lecture units to competencies and define competency relations. These relations determine the basic order of content for the students' learning paths.`

> Administrators are able to :ref:`manage the standardized competency catalog <standardized_competency_catalog>`, an instance-wide catalog from which instructors can import competencies into their course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators :ref:`manage the standardized competency catalog <standardized_competency_catalog>`, an instance-wide catalog from which instructors can import competencies into their course.
```
